I'm not going to get close to you.
Hurry up, Morty.
Grandpa's about to unfreeze time.
You really should be cleaning from top to bottom.
I know how to vacuum mom and dad, Summer.
You have dropped so many balls, man.
Do you ever get scared Grandpa Rick might make me his new sidekick?
What?
What kind of monster are you?
A competent one.
Who cares about the thing you guys are talking about?
The whole point of freezing time was to stop giving a f***.
Put a shirt on your dumb dad, and let's get this dumb universe rolling.
Do this thing.
All right, listen, you two.
We froze time for a pretty long time, so when I unfreeze it,
the world's time is going to be fine, but our time is going to need a little time to,
you know, stabilize.
Our time is going to be unstable?
What does that even mean?
It means relax and stop being a pussy, Morty.
I thought you learned that by now.
It also means don't touch your parents or we could shatter into countless theoretical shards.
Wait a minute, what?
And away we go.
Um, did we ever put that mattress under Mr. Benson?
Shhh!
That thing or two about...
Wait, what?
Was the house...
When we pulled up, I could have sworn the house was completely trashed.
Negative visualization, Jerry.
Explains a lot about where you're at.
Hi, sweetie.
Hi, Dad.
Summer, Morty, are you okay?
We just missed you a lot.
Yeah, we missed you so much.
Too much to hug you, though.
Yeah, would literally destroy them.
Now listen, why don't you guys go get a free Sunday ice cream,
get out there and get some ice creams?
Here's $500 cash and unmarked monies.
I'm just going to put it on the floor and kick it on over to you.
You guys go nuts.
This better not be a bribe.
If I find a single thing out of place in this house,
my love of ice cream won't save you.
I'll get my jacket.
Sweetie, is your shirt on backwards?
Yeah, I like it this way.
I'm not stupid.
Phew!
Man, that guy is the red-grin grumble to pretending he knows what's going on.
Oh, you agree, huh?
You like that red-grin grumble reference?
Well, guess what? I made him up.
You really are your father's children.
Think for yourselves.
Don't be sheep.
God, I feel terrible.
Yep, it really makes you appreciate how fickle the universe can be.
One minute you're falling off a roof for six months,
the next minute, bam!
Just to be clear, it was Summer's job to put the mattress under...
What? It was your job, Morty.
No! Yeah, huh!
Actually, sorry, Summer.
I got to back the M-bomb on this one.
I remember the conversation.
We told him we were going to get a free Sunday ice cream.
I'm sorry, but I'm not sure if he's going to be able to get a free Sunday ice cream.
I remember the conversation.
We told Morty to replace all the bank's money with cookies.
Your job was to put the mattress under Mr. Benson.
Boom! In your face, Summer!
You really dropped the ball, man!
Shut up, Morty! You've been dictive, little turd!
You shut up, you big female asshole!
Hey, don't shove me!
I didn't! What's your problem?
What's yours? You shut up!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, what the hell?
How, how, how, how?
Oh, God, I don't know.
What did you guys just do?
What did we do?
Wait, what am I seeing?
We're either of you guys uncertain about anything just now.
Oh, man, I don't feel good.
Am I talking right now?
I think so. Wait, who said that?
Alright, both of you. Just don't move. Don't speak. Don't think.
I have to check something.
I'm going to help Grandpa.
What do you mean you're going to help him?
I can help too.
What's happening to Grandpa?
Shut up!
Oh, crap, are you kidding me? Two dots?
This never needs to be more than one dot.
The two of you made us uncertain.
What are you talking about?
English!
Our time is fractured.
You two somehow created a feedback loop of uncertainty that split our reality into two equally possible impossibilities.
We're exactly like a man capable of sustaining a platonic friendship with an attractive female co-worker.
We're entirely hypothetical.
But I thought there were infinite timelines.
We're not on any timeline, dummy. Look.
Oh, my God.
Are those cats?
I assume they're Schrodinger's cats.
Actually, I assume they both are and aren't, just like us.
Is the world gone? Where are Mom and Dad?
Mom and Dad? Get your head out of your family's ass.
The three of us are lost in a timeless oblivion.
Your parents get to exist.
They're probably living it up in some pointless, grounded story about their s*** marriage.
Coldstone Creamery is the best.
What should we do with our remaining $20?
You realize they sang no matter how much you tip.
Holy s***. What happened?
I hit a deer!
We have to tell the cops you were driving.
What?
This is rum raisin'!
It's still alive.
Well, do we... do I, uh, get, uh, big rock?
It's not an armadillo, asshole.
I thought that's what a man's supposed to say.
It's not like I could have actually done it.
If we were near a hospital, I could treat it, but I... I think we have to just...
It's okay. This is just something that happens.
And even if we were in a hospital, what could we do?
You're a horse surgeon, not a deer surgeon.
So...
Well, don't different animals...
Require different levels of skill to keep alive?
Oh, God.
Get the deer in the car, Jerry.
Yes, Beth.
This is why you don't freeze time, you guys.
It's incredibly irresponsible.
And you did it so we could clean the house after a party?
Look, there's no time to hold me accountable, Morty.
Like, literally no time. Look around.
Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable.
Eventually, everything either is or isn't.
And we've got about four hours to be is.
Or... we isn't.
All right, since this time crystal exists in both possibilities,
and since it's impossible that I didn't nail this,
I'm probably about to press this button in both possibilities
at exactly the same time.
How do you know you're doing it?
Whatever you're asking the answer is, I'm amazing.
And away we go.
Oh, what do you know? It's working.
Oh, no.
Shit.
What the hell is wrong with you two?
I mean, you four.
That hurt.
It was painful.
Good. I'm glad it was painful. You deserve it.
I saw you. You're both all over the damn place.
We've been split for 20 minutes, and your lives are already scattered
to the quantum f***ing wind.
What the hell do either of you two have to be so uncertain about?
Your brand of zit cream?
Which chair to sit in while I do everything?
Come on, spit it out.
Well, you don't exactly make it easy, Rick.
You always painted on me, and now you've got someone to kiss your ass.
Me? What have you just done?
You just made me excited to see me fail.
Because you got bowled to yourself.
All right, all right. Cool it.
I see what's happening here.
You're both young. You're both unsure about your place
in the universe, and you both want to be grandpa's favorite.
I can fix this.
Morty, sit here.
Summer, you sit here.
Now, listen, I know the two of you are very different from each other
in a lot of ways, but you have to understand that as far as grandpa's concerned,
you're both pieces of shit.
Yeah, I can prove it mathematically.
Actually, let me grab my whiteboard.
This has been a long time coming, anyway.
Emergency! Who did dear coming in?
Three.
Excuse me, you can't be back here.
I'm a certified horse surgeon, and this deer needs medical attention.
Nurse, please move that snake.
That's my nurse, and as a horse surgeon,
I'm sure that you know that deer have much smaller, much more intricate organs.
As a vet, I'm sure you know that a deer is closer to a horse than you are to a doctor.
So let's save the measuring for when our dicks are out.
It's time to save a life!
Jeez.
That's odd.
This deer's wounded.
Yeah, I was there. You don't have to rub it in.
I mean, it's been shot with a gun.
My gun.
May I help you, sir?
No, but you can stop helping this deer.
I shot it before these two hit it with their car,
and I followed them when they hauled it off.
This deer belongs to me.
We don't have time for this, okay?
I need anesthetic and deer saline.
Look, I don't know what the law says about this,
but I took an oath that I would let no animal come to harm,
except when sterilizing, aborting, or euthanizing them
are also when eating them at almost any meal.
I'm calling my lawyer.
I hope for all our sakes you're as bad a surgeon as I am a hunter.
In your dreams, bitch! Scalpel!
So in conclusion, you're both in the hospital.
You're in the illusion. You're both equally mercurial,
overly sensitive, clingy, hysterical, birdbrain, humanculi.
And I honestly can't even tell the two of you apart half the time
because I don't go by height or age.
I go by amount of pain in my ass, which makes you both identical.
All right, everything resolved? Everybody nice and certain
about their position in my world?
Yes.
All right, perfect. Sit still.
Arms down.
I'm gonna do this again. This time, be like grandpa.
You mean drunk?
What's that? You got something to say?
We go.
Huh, that's weird.
That's weird.
Oh my god.
What?
The son of a bitch is gonna kill me.
All of a feeling sociopath.
Don't you get it?
The other Rick isn't trying to merge us anymore.
He thinks he can save his own skin by using the crystal to kill me.
He probably figures it's easier to eliminate one of the possibilities
rather than merge them.
I have to admit, he's always in the back of my mind, too.
The difference is I would never do it.
Until now.
Rick, what the hell are you doing?
We're saving our lives.
After he takes me out, he's gonna be coming for you.
Who?
Me.
You see that? Get down.
He's a psycho.
He's lost his...
The tight fracture must have made him crazy.
I don't know what to do.
Oh god, now there's three of them.
We're outnumbered.
Get in the cupboards.
Wait, don't do that.
They'll know.
Think about getting in the cupboards, but don't really.
This is what you want, you sick f***!
You wanna get killed or die!
You son of a bitch.
You don't stop living until I say so!
Michael.
Who's this now?
My lawyer.
I'm here to notify you, ma'am, that in this county,
any deer shot by a hunter is that hunter's property,
regardless of how far it runs or who intercepts it before it dies.
It's called Brad's Law.
We can't make you stop this surgery,
but at this point, you're performing an on-vinicence.
Actually, I've decided not to eat it.
All this fear and conflict.
I'm sure it's ruined the meat.
I'm just gonna use the head for my wreck room wall.
She normally works on horses.
Sherry, if you're not gonna help, get the f*** out of here.
I will reach into heaven and make your screaming deer soul back!
Jesus.
Shhh.
I know where you are, you creepy old monster.
I know how you think.
Oh, is this where you think I'm going?
You think I'm standing here?
Well, maybe you're right.
Ah!
Holy s***, now what?
Well, if all of me knocked out all the ricks,
and you peed in all of your pants,
doesn't that mean that we're all synchronized?
Right.
Okay, so from now on, whatever we do, we have to be certain.
I think I'm certain we're F'd in the A.
Oh, God.
My head.
What did you guys do?
We put you in a dog crate because you were acting crazy,
and you caused another time fracture.
You tried to kill yourself.
Only in self-defense.
Myself tried to kill me first.
Guys, I don't expect you to understand this,
but time-breaking twice means our problem is two times bigger,
and we've got half as much time to solve it.
Well, actually, I do expect you to understand that it's basic math.
Can somebody just let me out of here?
If I die in a cage, I lose a bet.
Well, is there some way you can prove you're not a threat to yourself and others anymore?
Oh, for God's sake.
All right, here, give me the time crystal.
What are you doing?
Calling myself.
Here, listen, it'll probably go to voicemail since, you know, I'm calling myself.
Hello, Rick here.
Don't fall for it, it's a bit.
Just kidding.
Haha!
You just got rigged.
You've reached Rick's voicemail, you know what to do.
Hey, Rick, it's Rick.
Listen, I'm sorry about earlier.
No hard feelings.
I know you know I mean it too.
Take it easy.
Whoa, damn, look at this.
I'm blowing up.
Three new voicemails.
Hey, Rick, it's Rick.
Listen, I'm sorry about earlier...
Yeah, yeah, I heard this one.
Hey, Rick, it's Rick.
Hey, Rick...
You get the idea.
We're cool now.
Okay, well, we're still not going to let you out of this crate.
Fine, I'll just do it myself.
You could get out that whole time.
I'm not kidding you.
Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do, Morty.
That's the difference between you and me.
I'm certain.
And you're a walking burlap sack filled with turds.
You know, jeez, Rick, you're really tearing into me right now.
You know, we're turds.
Hey, hey, hey, quit yelling.
Quit yelling.
What the f***?
Your time is all ripped up to hell!
You broke your time twice.
How did this happen?
Are you the leader or the leader?
I don't even know.
I'm sorry.
Shut the f*** up!
I'm from the fourth dimension.
I can hear all of y'all.
Now let's just see what we got here for a second.
Oh.
Hey, dammit, were you trying to use this to...
Oh, see, you broke time and you thought you could just stick it back together with this?
How you think you're going to move time while you're standing in it,
your dumbass three-dimensional monkey-ass dummies?
Oh, way to go, Rick!
Yeah, Grandpa, way to go!
Wait, you're just going to listen to this guy now?
He's got a giant testicle for a head.
He came here in a bubble.
For all we know, it could be the David Berkowitz of Nutsack Land.
Shut up!
Here, put these on.
They'll sync your possibilities up so I can bring you back to a certain time.
Y'all just... just... just negligent.
Now, look right here.
Hey, hey, hey, the three of you, put your collars on.
We have a lot of that.
We're not wearing collars.
Exactly, because you're being obstinate.
What?
Put the damn collars on if you want to live.
We're tearing out!
All right, fine, Summer Morty.
Put them on.
Yes!
We're No More Cats!
No More Cats!
Oh, you did it!
You fixed it!
Yeah, I did.
Now, keep those collars on so you don't break your weak-ass time again.
How long exactly do we have to wear these things?
They're really embarrassing.
Well, since you're going to time prison,
I'd say you can keep them on forever.
Time prison?
Yeah, well, I don't know where you expect me to think you got that crystal over there,
but the only way your dumb-ass, ass-in-ass asses could ever have one is if it was stolen.
You stole a time-freezing crystal from testicle monsters?
I would have been happy to pay for it, Summer,
but they don't exactly sell them at Costco.
Besides, there's a larger lesson to be learned here.
Get him!
No, no, no, no, no, you better keep back!
Man, this will turn your ass into a third-tribe Mr. Fetus from 30 Yons.
Isn't there a kitten somewhere that needs a manicure?
That's right, Mr. Smith. Give in to your anger.
Neglect that deer.
Honey, it's going to be okay.
These men are from the Servine Institute of Alk Moose, Deer, and Stag.
They can take this deer to a helicopter and fly it to the country's top deer surgeon
on a wildlife reserve across the state border, where your jurisdiction ends.
I guess that's the end of that.
There is just one more thing.
According to this state's veterinarian statutes,
this animal can't be transferred until the current attending physician
verbally confirms their inability to provide adequate care.
You heard the man, horse doctor.
You have to say you couldn't hack it.
We did it!
Uh-huh.
No, mother...no, Earth, dude.
Now, talk about...yeah, with the dinosaurs.
No, if you get to the dolphin people, you're gone too far.
Alright, man. I'll talk to you later. Okay.
You know what they do, the third-dimensional lifeforms in time prison?
Same thing they do in every other prison. Only forever.
Why are you doing this?
You think I want to be an omniscient, immortal being,
transcendent time and space my whole life?
I got ambitions, man.
Bringing you guys in is my ticket up.
What if I told you there's a huge ticket up right behind you?
You really think I'm not stupid?
Alright, hear me out on this.
You're immortal, right?
Which means your life is infinite.
Okay, well, and that means there's a 100% chance that you'll eventually do everything,
including turning around to look behind you.
I cannot argue that.
God, gross and weird!
Chris!
You killed my gun!
Summer, Morty, take off your collars!
What? What the hell are you doing?
Good question. I suppose the answer is...
I'm not certain.
Oh, no, what are you doing?
I'm not sure.
Stop it!
Maybe I will. Maybe I won't.
I'm really uncertain about everything, even kicking your ass!
Listen, hey, twist arms!
But these arms have astiged you!
Now you poked me where I would have been about six million years ago.
Come on, let's help grandpa!
Yes! I'm 100% not sure about anything!
Yeah, totally uncertain!
Be his ass!
Get him!
I'm defeated!
What's happening?
Time is falling apart!
We've got to get back to certainty quick!
Give me your collars!
Oh, man, don't you have to fix like 30 of them?
Morty, I have to fix three of them.
And then there's 31 other versions of me that have to also fix three for a total of 96.
I'm not an idiot.
I knew how to be decisive.
There may be that flathead screwdriver.
Actually, maybe the last hit.
Oh, shit.
Look, I know I was kind of a nuisance today.
I know it's my fault we hit the deer, and I know you wanted to be the one to save it.
Whatever.
How petty would I have to be to care less about an animal's life than my own ego?
Hmm?
You'd have to be pretty petty.
But you'd still be the woman I marry.
Where are we going?
One last stop.
Where's the helicopter?
There is no helicopter.
And there is no Surveying Institute.
But the top deer surgeon...
I'm looking at her.
Thanks for de-ending me up like that.
You better get moving.
These lights are designed for basic ice cream work.
They're not going to last all night.
I need five minutes.
Merry Christmas!
Cherry, this was the most romantic weekend I've ever had.
Thanks to Cold Stone Creamery.
You're welcome.
Okay, collars are done. Put them on. We're out of time.
Say, Ron and Co.
Huh? Wait a minute.
Great.
Rick!
What's going on?
The collars! Oh, the latch is broken!
It won't latch closed around my neck!
Jesus, what's going on?
How come our collars aren't green?
Obviously because someone doesn't know how to put his collar on,
and one of me is stuck trying to help him.
Don't blame this on me!
You're the one who couldn't fix a latch!
What are you talking about?
It's not broken, Mori. I fixed it. Just put it on!
It won't close! It's broken!
Fine. Bring it here.
Oh! Oh! Rick!
Mori!
Oh, really, Mori? Well, I'm sorry.
I'm not the one who's so f***ing uncertain about everything.
You know what I'm certain of, Rick?
I've really made up my mind about this.
I never want to see you again!
You never got to see anything again, you little dummy.
You killed us!
Goddammit.
Rick!
Mori, where's your collar? I'll fix it.
I dropped it!
What the hell?
What have you done to me, Mori?
I'm okay with this.
Be good, Mori. Be better than me.
Oh, f***! The other collar!
I'm not okay with this! I am not okay with this!
Oh, sweet Jesus, please let me live.
Oh, my God, I got that. I'm gonna fix this thing.
Please God in heaven.
Please God, oh Lord, hear my prayer.
Yes! F*** you, God!
Not today, b***h!
Please God, if there's a help, please be merciful to me.
Yes, I did it! There is no God in your face!
One dot, mother f***!
Yay!
Oh, yes!
All right!
You know what I'm talking about!
Oh, that was a close call.
Oh, yeah. I'm gonna do the cabbage patch.
Oh, yeah. Mori, you know what?
Do it, Rick. Do the cabbage patch dance.
I'm doing it too.
Do the cabbage patch.
Remember, do it.
Do it. Do the dance.
Look at that.
Hey, wait a second. How come you guys took longer to get here?
I don't know. I think like one-sixty-fourth of my collars didn't work.
It's hard to keep straight now that I have sixty-three other memories of everything.
Yeah.
But I feel like one of the sixty-four ricks like sacrificed himself for me.
Maybe. I think.
Shut up, Mori.
The last time you felt something, we all almost died.
You little spea*****.
Hey, guys, we're home.
Mom, dad!
Hold the phone.
Where did you guys get those necklaces from?
Uh, Lady Gaga, table for three, am I right?
Are you guys Power Rangers?
But only a one small part of your necks?
Hey, do those things need batteries?
Were they included?
Clean up in the fruit aisle.
Not in a homophobic way, though.
They're just pretty necklaces is what I was saying.
It doesn't feel so good, does it?
No, it doesn't.
It hurts.
Seriously, are these Halloween costumes?
Are you going as motorcycles?
With green headlights instead of normal ones?
Are you dogs?
Robot dogs?
Gosh, you guys are lame.
Are those chokers from the 90s?
What is this, a 90s nostalgia thing?
Are you guys in that movie, The Craft?
Peruse the ball.
Hey, man, when the hell were you?
Looking for you, asshole.
I told you, past the dinosaurs.
You know how much time is past the dinosaurs?
Half of all time.
Come on, man, it's this way.
Come on, give me that thing.
Speed it up.
You can't be this far back.
There he is, there he is, there he is, there he is.
Stop, stop.
So that's the guy, huh?
Yeah, that's him.
Hey, man, remember me?
I got something for your ass.
Don't, don't, don't mess with time.
You don't f*** know where time, mother f***.
I feel a mess with time.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.